Director Chen, he's a lunatic.
This almost hurt Ms. Yang, forgot about it, and arbitrarily changed her lines.
Come on, shut up.
Hooray! Hooray!
The warrior heard you.
The lady is not strong.
Living and dying differently.
Life and death
Thanh Hai Truong Van
The Black Snow Mountain is lonely and looks away at the Yumen Quan.
Yellow sand filled with earth infused with gold armor
I changed my mouth.
Never return it.
I can't believe that a small East Sea hospital has such an 11-faction hospital.
You idiot, you scared me.
Go.
How dare he die?
Now it's done.
Hey.
What's the actor's name?
Ms. Qin Ming, this is his information.
His name is Qin Xiao.
He's the son of the richest man in the East Sea.
Now he's a psychopath.
Famous
Eyes without seeds
If he's really a psychopath
That means that his acting has reached its peak.
But you withdrew the billion-billion-dollar superstar contract with the Hoang Trieu Group.
Dinner's tomorrow.
I'll give him a big surprise.